(DOCSP-34560): Add information about duplicate Trigger events (#697)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/triggers.txt

:ref:`Learn more about the number of supported change streams for Atlas tiers.
<mongodb-service-limitations-change-streams>`

.. _trigger-diagnose-duplicate-events:

Diagnose Duplicate Events
-------------------------

During normal Trigger operation, Triggers do not send duplicate events.
However, when some failure or error conditions occur, Triggers may deliver 
duplicate events. You may see a duplicate Trigger event when:

- A server responsible for processing and tracking events experiences a 
  failure. This failure prevents the server from recording its progress in a 
  durable or long-term storage system, making it "forget" it has processed 
  some of the latest events.

> - Using unordered processing where events 1-N are sent simultaneously. If 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using unordered processing where events 1 through N are sent simultaneously. If 
```
I read as "1 minus N" because I wasn't expecting it. The phrase could also be deleted, and it wouldn't make much of a difference, considering the variable N isn't used any where else.

Author: Gotcha. The original example was "1-10" but I changed it to "N" because I didn't want to imply that 10 was some sort of limit on unordered processing. With this feedback, I see that the more concrete example is helpful, and I do think having the numbers explicit here clarifies the example, so I'll change it back to 10. 👍

>   event 9 fails and leads to Trigger suspension, events like event 10 might 
>   get processed again when the system resumes from event 9. This can lead to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  an event fails and leads to Trigger suspension, the proceeding events might 
  get processed again when the system resumes from the failed event. This can lead to 
```
Suggestion: Could get rid of event numbering to aid in clarity.

Author: I think the numbering really helps to clarify the example, so I've just updated it to be more explicit based on your feedback above. Thank you!
